Gcp quick actions (#41446)
demisto/content: Packs/GCP/ReleaseNotes/1_2_0.md

#### Integrations

##### Google Cloud Platform
- Added support for **gcp-compute-firewall-patch-disable-default-rule-quick-action** command that disables default GCP firewall rules which are overly permissive.
- Added support for **gcp-storage-bucket-iam-policy-remove-allusers-quick-action** command that revokes 'allUsers' permission access in GCP Storage buckets.
- Added support for **gcp-storage-bucket-iam-policy-remove-authenticated-quick-action** command that revokes 'allAuthenticatedUsers' permission access in GCP Storage buckets.
- Added support for **gcp-storage-bucket-iam-policy-make-private-quick-action** command that revokes both 'allUsers' and 'allAuthenticatedUsers' access in a GCP Storage bucket.
- Added support for **gcp-compute-subnetworks-patch-enable-flow-logs-quick-action** command that enables VPC Flow Logs on a GCP subnet.
- Added support for **gcp-compute-subnetworks-patch-enable-private-access-quick-action** command that enables Private Google Access on a GCP subnet.

> - Added support for **gcp-container-clusters-update-enable-intra-node-visibility-quick-action** command that enables intra-node visibility on a GKE cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for **gcp-container-clusters-update-enable-intra-node-visibility-quick-action**, enabling intra-node visibility on a GKE cluster.
```

- Added support for **gcp-container-clusters-update-enable-master-authorized-networks-quick-action** command that enables Master Authorized Networks on a GKE cluster.

> - Added support for **gcp-storage-bucket-enable-versioning-quick-action** command that enables versioning on a GCP Storage bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for **gcp-storage-bucket-enable-versioning-quick-action**, enabling versioning on a GCP Storage bucket.
```

> - Added support for **gcp-storage-bucket-enable-uniform-access-quick-action** command that enables uniform bucket-level access on a GCP Storage bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for **gcp-storage-bucket-enable-uniform-access-quick-action**, enabling uniform bucket-level access on a GCP Storage bucket.
```
